1. Advise
Não significa: Avisar.
Significa: Aconselhar.
(Para "avisar", use warn ou tell).

My doctor advised me to eat less sugar.

Could you advise me on which laptop to buy?

She advised the team to stay calm during the meeting.

2. Anticipate
Não significa: Antecipar (fazer algo antes do tempo).
Significa: Prever ou aguardar com expectativa.
(Para "antecipar", use bring forward ou move up).

We anticipate a large crowd at the concert tonight.

The company anticipates a 10% increase in sales.

I didn't anticipate that the project would be so difficult.

3. Appoint
Não significa: Apontar (com o dedo).
Significa: Nomear ou designar alguém para um cargo.
(Para "apontar", use point).

The board will appoint a new CEO next month.

They appointed her as the leader of the committee.

He was appointed to the position because of his experience.

4. Convict
Não significa: Convencer.
Significa: Condenar (juridicamente) ou um condenado/réu.
(Para "convencer", use convince ou persuade).

The jury convicted him of fraud.

There was not enough evidence to convict the suspect.

He is an ex-convict trying to start a new life.

5. Costume
Não significa: Costume (hábito).
Significa: Fantasia ou traje típico/teatral.
(Para "costume/hábito", use habit ou custom).

Everyone wore a scary costume to the Halloween party.

The actors put on their historical costumes before the play.

She won the prize for the most creative costume.

6. Devise
Não significa: Divisar (enxergar ao longe).
Significa: Elaborar, inventar ou criar um plano/mecanismo.
(Para "enxergar/avistar", use spot ou glimpse).

Scientists are working to devise a new way to store energy.

We need to devise a strategy to beat the competition.

They devised a clever scheme to escape the room.

7. Large
Não significa: Largo (largura).
Significa: Grande (tamanho/volume).
(Para "largo", use wide ou broad).

The elephant is a very large animal.

We live in a large house in the suburbs.

The shirt is too large for me; I need a medium.

8. Mayor
Não significa: Maior.
Significa: Prefeito.
(Para "maior", use bigger ou larger).

The mayor signed a new law to improve public transport.

She decided to run for mayor in the next election.

The mayor gave a speech at the opening of the park.

9. Particular
Não significa: Particular (privado).
Significa: Específico ou exigente.
(Para "particular/privado", use private).

Is there any particular reason why you are late?

He is very particular about how his coffee is made.

I'm not looking for anything particular, just browsing.

10. Record
Não significa: Recordar (lembrar).
Significa: Gravar (áudio/vídeo) ou registrar (dados).
(Para "recordar", use remember ou recall).

The band went to the studio to record their new album.

Please record the meeting so I can watch it later.

The thermometer records the temperature every hour.